Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Ara!
[Priest singing]
An immortality machine.
the mummified remains
of kings and nobles.
bound souls
crossing the Underworld.
Each night. an abyss.
Oblivion.
Each morning.
a rebirth. resurrection.
[Electronic humming]
[Radio static]
[Radio flips through stations]
[Jazz music plays]
[Swooshing sound]
[Jazz music continues]
[Radio static. music stops]
[Gentle music]
[Swooshing sound]
I heard you rattling
around last night.
You can't sleep?
Come by the office later.
have lunch with me.
- Oh. yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
I have a big morning.
but I'd enjoy that.
I wanted to ask you. is. um...
was Isobel sleepwalking
last night again?
No.
She was sleeping peacefully
on the sofa.
It's stress.
She's stressed out.
She's fine.
How can you tell?
How would you know?
I can tell. Can't you?
No!
I mean. lately. it just...
I don't know.
I'm finding
another doctor. though.
That guy doesn't know
what he's talking about.
Sweetheart. it's just a phase.
She'll grow out of it.
We said we'd come down here.
fix this place up.
It was never meant
to be permanent.
She wasn't sleepwalking around
the house in Chicago. Robert.
It's a sign.
We're done here.
We are.
[Tea kettle whistles]
Cleo. music.
[Rock music plays from speaker]
[Bag slams]
Hey.
How you doing?
Oh. my God. did you do this?
Is this you?
Oh. I know.
I sent Rita. I forgot.
Okay. no more. I'll just do it.
Great. I love that.
Hey.e you can't be bothered.
Oceans full of plastic.
landfills full of plastic.
I made a mistake.
Is this necessary?
Cleo! Off. please!
You don't have to yell at Cleo.
Honey. Cleo is a robot.
She doesn't have feelings.
Cleo. are you a robot?
I am not a robot.
Oh. shut up.
I was just telling Iz how I
found her downstairs last night.
Are you feeling a little worried
about anything or stressed out?
No. Why?
Was I doing something weird?
Was it bad?
No. no. darling.
I'm finding a new doctor.
Why?
Because. honey. you are -
No. I just had a creepy dream.
I slept fine. I feel fine.
[Phone buzzes]
Maria's here.
Have a good day.
Why don't you sit down
and have some breakfast?
I gotta go.
[Ominous notes]
[Noise from upstairs]
Robert?
Robert!
Oh. my dear!
Hello!
Come here!
[Door creaking]
[Tapping noise]
[Fluttering]
Years ago. an Englishman
who had excavated Egyptian tombs
stole a cache
of plundered relics
and fled to Mexico City.
He built a home.
a life. a family.
trading treasures
on the black market.
a soldier. an adventurer.
a thief: my great grandfather.
See. I grew up in a family
that actually excavated tombs.
And the Egyptians believed
if their name was
on the lips of someone living.
then they were living.
Human beings actually carry
the experiences
of their ancestors in their DNA.
Maybe we're all haunted.
[VO] He roamed
the house at night.
[VO] She was
always sleepwalking.
[VO] She said she had the same
dreams over and over again.
[VO] I think he was
shellshocked from the war.
[VO] Mother's gone somewhere.
She'll sleep better at night.
[VO] Robert? Robert.
you've been sleepwalking again.
[Robert VO] It's just a phase.
She'll grow out of it.
[Beth VO] She wasn't
sleepwalking around the house
in Chicago. Robert.
It's a sign.
[Sonia screaming]
[Phone rings]
Robert Corwin.
Good morning. Mr. Corwin.
My name is Derek Mendoza.
I understand you're involved
in authenticating a cache
of artifacts
and correspondence
recently auctioned off
in London.
Yeah. I'm familiar
with the material.
I'm looking for a specific
figurine I'd hoped to find
in that collection. but did not.
I believe the item we're looking
for is being held privately.
I represent
a significant collector.
Might I come by
and discuss it with you?
Are you the man
who was outside my house
on the street this morning?
My client is prominent.
Mr. Corwin. and quite wealthy.
It will be worth your time.
I'll see you within the hour.
Thank you for meeting us
on such short notice.
Mr. Corwin.
My client. Charlotte Grove.
Hello.
Welcome.
We appreciate your discretion.
I read about Paul.
I'm sorry.
How is he?
He's being held
in this world by machines.
Doing as poorly as a man can be
and still be alive.
Your home is lovely.
Thank you.
Ah.re still updating it.
I've seen this in books.
The negatives are
in the British Museum.
Those are original prints.
and on the left.
that's Arthur Corwin.
the notorious great grandfather.
Where was the family
before all this?
Oh. pig farmers
in the English Midlands.
That's how he escaped
into the military.
and then into Egypt.
and then here.
The Butcher of Kabul.
Subjugator of India.
The Queen's man in Egypt.
Would you like some tea. coffee?
Tequila?
No. thank you.
I would love to see...
Is this all?
Most of it.
The significant pieces
went back to Cairo
or the British Museum
when my father was alive.
I'm trying to locate
several pieces we've traced
to the 1921 excavation
at Abydos.
led by your great grandfather.
[Evocative strings]
His patron's estate
was liquidated.
The Earl's family came
to believe that several items
brought to England
from Egypt were cursed.
One of the Aberdos's tombs
manifests describes
a female figure.
Blue faience. distinctive.
These pieces were found
all over the desert.
Not like this.
Engravings at the site indicate
a retainer sacrifice.
A king's concubine. predynastic.
performed by a priest
using powerful Heka magic.
The last of the Earl's letter
accuse your great grandfather
of drunkenly taking the piece
back at gunpoint in 1926.
I'm not surprised.
Then Arthur Corwin
vanishes from England
with crates of plundered loot.
The piece came here.
I believe it remains here.
or you know where it is.
Well. I'm sorry. I don't.
You're lying.
Please. stop.
You do understand that the lore
about spells and curses
was invented to create
a market for antiquities.
The first Egyptian relics
were on display at Vaudevilles.
There's no magic. no Heka.
no Wicca. no Norse.
You sure?
Show me.
I'll change my mind.
[Noise]
In the books of Enoch.
angels sent down by God
had the power to raise life
from inert matter.
rearrange elements using words.
not representative of reality.
but that are reality.
This gift exists in creation
and antediluvian myth worldwide.
I believe the Heka in the tomb
your great grandfather
blundered into.
to be the last documented
mention of this lost language.
I believe the life force
felt by those
who held this artifact
to be evidence
of this old deep magic
interred within.
I believe this gift has traveled
time and space to meet us.
We will find it and use it
to bring my husband back.
If you've been tracking
this piece.
then you'd know
that in those days.
people gave treasures away
as gifts.
used them as collateral.
bought and sold them
on the black markets.
It could be in Oslo.
Singapore. Buenos Aires.
And some things.
time just takes.
My husband is a great man.
He will not depart this world
gagging and spitting
in a hospital bed.
I wish I could help you.
I hope that Paul recovers.
I do.
Your great grandfather
held this piece in his hand.
He knew its truth.
It would not have disappeared.
I can be a valuable ally.
or I can have all you are
and own taken from you.
Thank you for seeing us
on such short notice.
Derek will follow up
with you tomorrow.
[Expectant music]
Promise you'll keep her safe.
She's magic.
[Music builds]
[Mystical notes]
I forgot about you.
[Warped music]
Robert!
Isobel?
Hey!
Dad?
[Warped music builds]
[Barking]
[Growling]
Iz?
Izzy?
They've come.
Time to wake up.
We need to look out
for this one.
She speaks.
[Piano music plays]
[Piano music continues]
Hey. what are you doing here?
Are we going back to Chicago?
I don't know. Probably not.
[Piano music]
What is that?
Who are those people?
She's someone.
I've seen her on TV.
Charlotte Grove. She's
a wealthy tech entrepreneur.
Okay. look.
I'm gonna drive you back.
You cannot be ditching school.
If we're going back
to Chicago. who cares?
I told you. that is probably
not going to happen.
She's right.
There's something here.
Where?
In the house.
A girl. a spirit.
I've seen her.
That's what the sleepwalking is.
It's not weird dreaming.
It's her.
You know. my father had every
expert imaginable in this house.
Spiritualists. mediums.
conmen. dingbats
of every stripe.
And do you know what they found?
Nada. nothing.
Honey. houses are not haunted.
People are.
Mom knows it. too.
That's why she wants to leave.
Your mother is
a long way from her family.
This isn't her home.
Is it for you?
I don't know.
It's the first place
that I can remember.
It's complicated.
She's right.
You're a bad liar.
Okay. Let's go.
It's fine. I'll take myself.
I'll go through the park.
Hey!
Be careful!
[Radio plays rock music]
Cleo off.
[Phone rings]
Hey. Moke.
Thanks for getting back with me.
Of course. Robert.
It's been too long.
The piece you're looking for.
it comes from Abydos?
It's just a simple
bride of the dead figurine.
They're a dime a dozen.
Blue faience.
Well preserved?
Now. if it was
in your family's possession.
you would recognize it.
If it was.
it was before my time.
I have never seen it.
So. who is Derek Mendoza?
He said he worked for an NGO.
but he was in Giza recently.
doing some research.
and asked to see some
of the scrolls
at Mit Rahinah
having to do
with a burial rite at Abydos.
What was in these scrolls?
Nothing of value.
A peasant's family lore.
a domestic scene.
Well. you have them logged?
Could you send them to me?
I'm sure we have it.
- I will send them to you.
- Thank you. Moke.
By the way. Robert. why are
these tech people suddenly
interested in these old scrolls?
With neurolinks. we've corrected
stroke damage. epilepsy.
and Alzheimer's disease.
We're already
uploading ourselves.
How long before
that digital presence
has the power
and the complexity
to become presence?
We're gonna cure death
like a disease.
There are people alive right now
who might not need die. ever.
When being born doesn't come
with a death sentence.
imagine what being alive
will mean.
[Email notification sound]
[Ominous music]
[VO] Before the pharaohs moved
north. before the first dynasty.
a mad king died.
A girl was stolen
from a village.
murdered in an outer tomb.
her spirit bound to a figurine.
to rise again
as this king's concubine
in the world to come.
Her name was Ara.
Her aunt tried to follow.
but the way was lost
and the tomb could not be found.
She never ceased searching.
The task passed sister
to daughter. mother to son.
Find our sister bound
in endless darkness
and set her free.
If you are reading this.
this task has passed to you.
[Foreboding music]
[Music swells]
[Footsteps]
- Hey.
School called.
Said they couldn't find her
for two hours this morning.
Yeah. I know.
I was gonna take her back.
She wants to stay.
I guess I'm the bad guy now?
No. honey.
I didn't put it all on you.
[Air conditioning turns on]
Oh. my God.
Jeez.
Why is this damn thing
always trying to refrigerate us?
Can - Can you please?
Hey. Iz. have you been messing
with the thermostat?
I don't even know how it works.
Okay. well. don't touch it.
I didn't!
It doesn't need
to land a space shuttle.
It just needs to keep the house
at 68 degrees.
Okay. 68. Fixed.
[Speaks in Spanish]
You can come stay with us.
They won't let me.
They don't care.
They just drag me around.
[Speaks in Spanish]
What?
¿Dónde? This?
Who was here?
Janice said that there were
some security people
out on the sidewalk?
It was an antiquities
broker. and. um...
Charlotte Grove.
Charlotte Grove?
Those are deep pockets. Robert.
A gig would be good for you.
If you have
something real going on.
this Chicago
conversation changes.
Yeah. my book is a real thing.
I know. honey.
You asked me to read pages.
Where are the pages?
I'm just not there yet. honey.
When are you gonna get there?
I - I don't know
what you do all day.
[Electrical sounds.
radio plays jazz]
Oh. my God.
Are you kidding me right now?
What the heck?
[Eerie music]
Iz?
¿Qué?
[Music builds]
[Screams]
Iz?
What was that?
Cleo! Off!
[Radio stops]
I swear to God. that fucking
thing is taunting me. okay?
It's not convenient.
It's - It's - It's creepy!
Cleo. are you taunting Beth?
I am not taunting Beth.
Call Juaquin.
and get him back out here.
This isn't cool.
I mean. I love him. but nothing
is ever getting fixed.
Okay. okay.
I will. I promise. okay?
No hot water.
I have meetings in the morning.
I can't be sitting around
in the dark.
no hot water.
like we're camping.
Izzy!
Pack a bag!
We're going to Roma!
Mom. it's not the electricity.
It's the girl? She's angry.
What? What girl?
The girl in the house?
There's a ghost in here.
Baby. this house is not haunted.
It's old.
and it's patched up.
and when nothing really gets
fixed. this is what happens.
Pack a bag.
The client's suite is empty.
We're going to Roma.
Are you coming or staying?
No. I need to stay behind
and fix this stuff.
This house has bad mojo. Robert.
Maybe you can't see it.
but I do.
We can go to Chicago.
live off of what I make.
you can write there.
What's wrong with that?
We're going to Roma.
When she falls asleep.
I'll sneak it out.
Meet me?
Sí. if I can!
[Ominous music]
[Electronic buzzing]
[Swoosh sound]
Robert!
[Doors shutting]
[Urgent strings]
[Haunting notes]
Robert!
[Electronic sounds]
[Warped notes]
Do you remember
our sleep walks. Robert?
You were a bright.
fearless child.
Your daughter's the same.
Bold. clever.
What is this place?
Is - Is this death?
The ones who took me
have returned.
They must be brought back
and killed.
We don't kill people.
I've worn your flesh.
I know your heart.
You can't hide from me.
Your name is Ara.
[Discordant tones]
I will not be taken again.
I will not rise a slave.
Bring them to me.
[Warped notes]
[Upbeat music]
There I am.
I have what you're looking for.
You're welcome
to come and get it.
Cleo. music.
[Classical music plays]
Cleo. music!
[Guitar music plays]
Music.
[Jazz music plays]
She's not herself.
I dream of being not myself.
Let me be anything but myself.
She can't be trusted.
Oh. she hears voices.
You hear them. Robert.
Tell him that you hear them.
The past is the past.
The past is never past.
Nothing loved is lost.
She's not herself.
I dream of being not myself.
Let me be anything but myself.
She can't be trusted.
Oh. she hears voices.
You hear them. Robert.
Tell him that you hear them.
What do you expect me to do?
They're coming for her. Robert.
It is up to you to meet them.
[Jazz music plays]
I thought I was alone.
Where is my father?
Look how beautiful you are.
It's you in the lights
and stuff. isn't it?
Yeah. I don't move so well
in that.
I like your music.
It's not mine.
It was on when I woke up.
You were here
when my father was a boy.
"And so the gods
will depart from mankind.
And only evil angels
will remain."
What is that?
I's a shame when the children
get too old to see me.
Only children and... lunatics.
[Warped music]
[Abrupt noise]
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
What are you doing here?
Talking to the dead girl
dancing around in your body.
How's my dancing?
Not bad. Pretty weird.
They came for this?
Yes.
How can someone
be trapped in here?
Well. Charlotte believes
they used an ancient language
to bind her soul.
her "ba." to that figurine
to travel into the next world.
Maybe a prehuman language
that doesn't represent reality.
but is reality.
And if you speak it correctly.
you can alter matter.
maybe even manipulate
life and death.
So. if she's real. so's that?
Yeah.
You said everything important
went back.
Well. I lied.
So you knew she was here?
When I was young.
I sensed something.
But they told me
that I was dreaming.
They put my mother.
your grandmother.
in a mental institution.
They said there is no such thing
as lost souls
or languages of light.
no magic.
Except there is.
Yes.
She said.
"The gods will depart."
Yeah.
That's an ancient warning
from the god Thoth.
"All the gods
shall depart the earth.
Only the evil angels
shall remain.
The world will be disordered
and go awry.
All good will disappear."
Isobel!
So I'm your guinea pig.
I'm bait.
You were never in any danger.
You don't know that.
What if she used me
to jump off the roof?
I don't think she would do that.
She's me.
See?
She's there...
and she's there.
She's been staring out at us
all these years.
So how can we free her?
I don't know.
The answer to that question
is with a man
who spoke a dead language
and was killed 5.000 years ago.
[Phone rings]
Did you leave that out?
No.
She likes ice cream.
That's good ice cream.
All right.
I want you to stay here.
[Derek on the phone] Open
the gate. give me the piece.
You called me. I'm here.
I don't have it.
Are you drunk?
I talked to you an hour ago.
[Foreboding music]
I'm sorry.
but I don't know what I said.
I don't have it.
I've got two men
on the sidewalk.
not our security people.
local freelancers.
Give me what I'm here for.
or they go in and take your kid.
We're having ice cream.
Would you like some?
No. thank you.
It's toffee and cream.
You should have some.
It's the best!
Where is it?
Smart.
Charlotte's the real thing.
Hard times are coming.
even for people like you.
Keep yourself
on the right side of things.
you'll do okay.
[Crashing noise]
Shit!
Grab a towel.
Izzy!
Isobel!
Hello again.
You've come for me?
You found me.
I'm right here.
You see me now?
What was that?
I can't hear you.
Speak up.
Where is your master?
Where?
I told you.
where are the others?
Please.
Bring them here.
Please. don't hurt her.
This is not her doing.
"You were chosen
for a beautiful journey."
they said.
"You will wake up in a field
of reeds in a land of peace.
or we will destroy your family.
burn your home.
and take you anyway."
[Spits]
My aunt told me. "Be brave.
We'll find you.
we'll follow them."
Where are you now?
Why didn't you come for me?
You were missed.
You were mourned.
Where are my bones?
Where is my flesh?
My "ka" is dust.
I need this.
And you'll give me this.
You love the music.
You love to dance.
She loves to dance -
I will not be taken again.
Give me to them.
and I will kill you
and your family. and I will
burn this house to the ground!
[Guttural screams]
Alright. Okay.
Okay. honey. just stay here.
What happened?
Okay.
Nothing happened. honey.
Nothing.
It was just a little accident.
Just stay here until
I come back and get you. okay?
Everything's gonna be fine.
It's gonna be fine.
[Rhythmic music]
[Music becomes more urgent]
[Off-kilter notes]
[Phone rings]
Wait a minute.
Over and over.
[Isobel VO]
So how can we free her?
The answer to that question
is with a man
who spoke a dead language
and was killed 5.000 years ago.
Again and again.
Never ends.
Got it!
[Phone dings]
[Sound of water running]
What kind of accident?
Um... he threatened us.
and. um.
and then we fought.
and he got hurt.
It was me.
No. Isobel. this was not you.
This was not you. honey.
You have to use
the wood floor cleaner
or the varnish will peel off.
and Mom will lose her mind.
What happens to him?
I don't know yet.
I'll do the floors.
[Phone rings]
Oh. shit.
[Charlotte on the phone]
Why don't you answer
when your wife calls.
Mr. Corwin?
I know you see the number.
I know you see the phone.
[Static]
Did you think we wouldn't know?
If you can see. we can see.
Give me what I've come for.
or that video goes
to the Federales.
and your girl spends
the rest of her life in prison.
We're coming to you.
Isn't that what she wants?
For the others to come?
You have to get out of here now.
No.
Go out the back door.
You go through the park
to Maria's right now. Isobel.
No!
I think I know
how to free you.
I think that when you are
outside the flesh.
maybe time for you
is non-linear.
Maybe time...
is all one piece.
All present at once.
Maybe you can be...
present with your own death.
I would never go there.
The power...
that was passed
from priest to priest.
that power can be learned.
Was the language repeated?
Again and again.
Like a song.
If you can understand
this fragment.
then you could take
this language.
and you could unbind your "ba."
You could return.
You want me
to live my murder again.
Yeah.
Again and again and again
until you possess
the power that he had.
I'm no priest.
How could I understand it?
It would take me an eternity.
Eternity you have.
Don't you?
No.
You ask too much.
I will not let you
hurt Isobel again.
Do you understand me?
Hey.
Hey!
Let them take it and go.
What do they think
she can do for them?
Show them how to live forever.
Can she do that?
I showed her
how to save herself.
You have to go.
You have to go now.
- Now!
- Not without Mom!
She lost her body
a long time ago.
And she - she likes being you.
[Phone rings]
What??
[Charlotte on the phone]
Bring it out.
and you can have your wife.
Look. you saw
what she did to your man.
If I do that. she's gonna do
the same to me and my daughter.
So. no.
You have to come in and get it.
Look. don't let her in.
And stay out of sight.
Is Mom with them?
Yes.
[Suspenseful music]
[Doorbell rings]
Where's my mother?
In the car.
Where's your father?
I'm Charlotte Grove.
I don't think we've been
properly introduced.
Isobel Corwin.
Are you inviting me in. or no?
Bring my wife in here right now.
Don't you fucking move.
What on earth are you holding?
This is an Enfield Mk. 2
used by my great grandfather
during the Afghan War in 1880.
and it's in perfect
working order.
Do you think your father would
murder someone in front of you?
I don't think he would do that.
[Gun fires]
Bring the wife in.
Bring in the wife.
What you're holding here
does not belong to you.
It was stolen from its resting
place. and it must be returned.
Oh. my God.
What are you doing. Robert?
Just give them what they want!
All right. take it.
and your friend's body and go.
So this is what
all the fuss is about.
[Electronic humming.
radio plays]
Are you here with us?
I'm not your enemy.
I'm here on a mission of mercy.
I've been looking for you
for a long time.
to bring you this.
This is a piece of bone
found in a crevice of your tomb.
Inside this shard is embedded
everything you once were
and could be again.
It's the building blocks of you.
Your flesh has traveled time
to meet you.
Isn't that the idea?
The "ba" may rise.
find its "ka." and return?
[Radio spikes. then stops]
I'm not that any longer.
That girl died screaming.
Everyone she knew is dead.
There's nothing left for me
in that body but pain and grief.
Who sent you?
[High-pitched tones]
I was killed to rise for a king.
Where is he?
You faced a priest.
He spoke an old language.
and it bound you.
I offer you yourself again.
Can you bring me this gift?
All I am is in here?
I believe you can help me.
Bring my husband back.
and I will bring you the world.
Will you. please?
[Appliances buzz]
Isobel?
[Priest singing]
You want me to live
my murder again?
Yeah.
Again and again and again.
until you possess
the power that he had.
[Priest sings]
[Ara sings tentatively]
[Screams]
[Appliances buzz]
[Both sing]
[The priest's voice weakens]
[Ara's voice grows stronger]
[Ara sings]
[Ara laughs]
[Silence]
[Appliances stop buzzing]
[Ara's voice sings alone]
If I can find a way back.
the men who killed me can. too.
You're safe here.
[Ara sings]
Run.
You.
You saw what your mother saw.
You understood.
You could have said.
"She's not crazy.
What she sees is here."
But you wanted to be like them.
Men with answers.
She loved you.
You betrayed her.
I was with her at the end.
I eased her pain.
I helped her through.
Or she would have died alone.
Like me.
I didn't know.
I was too young.
This house is a tomb.
Please. don't hurt her.
I remember this age.
Once you see.
everything is a vibration.
Just like rearranging matter.
like moving your hands.
Let me show you.
If anything happens to me.
kill everyone in this room.
Where is this?
Come.
Take my hand.
I don't like this.
I've got you.
Let me go.
I can't stay here.
It's excruciating.
Paul!
I don't - I don't want this.
Hang on.
I found her!
We're bringing you back.
Do you love me?
Of course I love you.
Let me go.
Come back!
You are not leaving me!
That wasn't Paul.
I don't know who that was.
Paul's a fighter.
He would not have given up.
[Ara's voice] Charlotte!
[Ara singing]
Where are you?
Wow!
[Ara's voice]
We have what we've come for.
[Ara VO]
And so I found my way back.
Not as myself.
Not yet.
But as someone formidable.
Powerful.
Awakened with a world
at my feet.
[Ara singing]
[Newscaster] Just weeks
after burying her husband.
tech mogul Charlotte Grove
was found dead in her home
of what doctors have said
is natural causes.
Police found no evidence
of substance abuse or foul play.
The settlement
of Grove's estate is now -
I will meet you
at the museum. 1:30-ish?
Okay.
[Newscaster]
- have come to light.
leaving her vast fortune
to a mysterious ward.
What's going on?
Ara said that if she can
come back. they can. too.
Now there's riots in Cairo.
something weird's going on.
I think something's woken up.
Moke wants me to go to Cairo.
but I told him we can't go.
Her family...
sent a message through
4.000 years and you found it.
Call Moke back.
You should go.
[Ara VO] I was well remembered.
Across time.
memory found me.
held me. carried me home.
Ara!
[Ara VO] Nothing is lost
All that is. has been.
or will be. we carry.
Points of light
in a sea of time.
[Isobel] Cleo. music. please.
[Jazz plays]
[Ara VO] We hear whispers
in dark corners
and quiet moments.
Echoes. reaching out. searching.
We are all returning.
[Radio static]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm